Fix cryptography dependency for snap builds (#328)
canonical/hotsos: requirements.txt

progress
pyyaml
simplejson

> cryptography==3.4

Reviewer: Why pin it at such an ancient version? Upstream is at 36.0.2. If there is a reason, could you include it in the commit message and requirements.txt?

Author: Hi @nicolasbock, you can see it in the commit: https://github.com/canonical/hotsos/pull/328/commits/1bf39c8a7518c996535016c65d8f7394e9300243 and in the description of the PR as well.

Is there anything I am missing?

Author: Oh, i'll add a comment on requirements.txt

Reviewer: > Is there anything I am missing?

Yes, the why :)

This version might be great, I was just wondering why you pin it to a release that is from February 7 2021.

Author: @nicolasbock fixed on https://github.com/canonical/hotsos/commit/2dcc79dd9a0acf20de1dd24ef48fdb60441f4275 LMK if it is ok like that or you want more info.
OTOH I would also like to be able to build the snap with `cryptography` with the greatest and latest, but this was the quick fix I could find in order for us to not lose sight on when a certificate is expiring. 
I can create a new issue to track this work. WDYT?

Author: @nicolasbock fixed on https://github.com/canonical/hotsos/commit/2dcc79dd9a0acf20de1dd24ef48fdb60441f4275 LMK if it is ok like that or you want more info.
OTOH I would also like to be able to build the snap with `cryptography` with the greatest and latest, but this was the quick fix I could find in order for us to not lose sight on when a certificate is expiring. 
I can create a new issue to track this work. WDYT?

Reviewer: Does this build with `3.4.8`? That's the last version in the `3.4.x` branch.

Author: @nicolasbock good point, yes it does. I've just tested it and pushed the deps with 3.4.8 on https://github.com/canonical/hotsos/commit/b3c6ff910859269170c5997b7fe143fdb0d8fc4e

progress
pyyaml
simplejson

> # Pin to cryptography==3.4 since it is the last dependency version that
> # requires to be build with Rust and was breaking the snap.
> # More info on issue: https://github.com/canonical/hotsos/issues/326

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pin to cryptography==3.4.8 since the cryptography-3.4.x branch is the
# last branch that can be built without the Rust toolchain..
# More info on issue: https://github.com/canonical/hotsos/issues/326
# [TODO] Bump cryptography to more recent release
```

Author: Fixed on https://github.com/canonical/hotsos/commit/985654fca5885b803c178de214a597569b76882b
